README.md, before:

# Animal Family Backend
This is very much a work in progress right now. Let's call it a Pre-Alpha-Alpha. If you'd like to collab in any way, please reach out! Find my contact info on [whitcodes.dev/contact](whitcodes.dev/contact). If you'd like to check out my first prototype, I've got it hosted on Vercel currently at [this](animal-family.vercel.app) link. Also the text-notification functionality is down, but I'll be working on that once I have this new backend up and running.

## To-Do List
- currently testing all new endpoints
    - user (done)
    - habitat
    - species
    - enclosure
    - animal
    - task

- Add CreateAnimalAndEnclosure and/or CreateEnclosureAndAnimalsssss for simultaneous creation
- Add UpdateUser and UpdateSubject functions and routes to all service
    - handleUserUpdateAnimalOwner (needs to send a request for another user to accept)
    - handleUserUpdateEnclosureOwner (needs to send a request for another user to accept)
    - handleUserUpdateTaskOwner (needs to send a request for another user to accept)
- Make every transaction function properly rollback on err

- Implement Action History Feature

- Move to Frontend Development

- Use GoRoutines/WaitGroups for concurrent async requests (e.g. DeleteUserById animal and enclosure looped db requests)
    - Will need to create smaller store functions to implement this

## Entity Relationship Diagram
[Here's a diagram](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1Vi1yngr4CeXXt-slRGJsLI35_R-y-oIHlZ466be_wx8/edit?usp=sharing) that I made of the DB schema. Feel free to leave comments on the Drawing.

## Plans for Frontend Applications
- Use a cache heavily and store all user animals, enclosures, and tasks
    - invalidate and refetch cache every 15 minutes
    - invalidate and refetch cache if user updates any of their animals, enclosures, or tasks
    - should improve performance massively compared to my v1 Next.js frontend

- Species and Habitat information will be generated by AI, and validated and edited by a real person over time, in order to create a solid ground for the knowledge base
    - all AI generated inforamtion will have a flag in the app that discloses that it is AI generated and that we are working on the validation and editing process to remove any non-reviewed AI text

Commit message:

tested routes for habitat updated readme with changed needed based on tests fixed typos in habitat store

README.md, after:

# Animal Family Backend
This is very much a work in progress right now. Let's call it a Pre-Alpha-Alpha. If you'd like to collab in any way, please reach out! Find my contact info on [whitcodes.dev/contact](whitcodes.dev/contact). If you'd like to check out my first prototype, I've got it hosted on Vercel currently at [this](animal-family.vercel.app) link. Also the text-notification functionality is down, but I'll be working on that once I have this new backend up and running.

## To-Do List
- currently testing all new endpoints
    - user (done)
    - habitat
        - need to have delete habitat check if the habitat exists and if it doesnt then the user needs to know
    - species
    - enclosure
    - animal
    - task

- Add CreateAnimalAndEnclosure and/or CreateEnclosureAndAnimalsssss for simultaneous creation
- Add UpdateUser and UpdateSubject functions and routes to all service
    - handleUserUpdateAnimalOwner (needs to send a request for another user to accept)
    - handleUserUpdateEnclosureOwner (needs to send a request for another user to accept)
    - handleUserUpdateTaskOwner (needs to send a request for another user to accept)
- Make every transaction function properly rollback on err

- Implement Action History Feature

- Move to Frontend Development

- Use GoRoutines/WaitGroups for concurrent async requests (e.g. DeleteUserById animal and enclosure looped db requests)
    - Will need to create smaller store functions to implement this

## Entity Relationship Diagram
[Here's a diagram](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1Vi1yngr4CeXXt-slRGJsLI35_R-y-oIHlZ466be_wx8/edit?usp=sharing) that I made of the DB schema. Feel free to leave comments on the Drawing.

## Plans for Frontend Applications
- Use a cache heavily and store all user animals, enclosures, and tasks
    - invalidate and refetch cache every 15 minutes
    - invalidate and refetch cache if user updates any of their animals, enclosures, or tasks
    - should improve performance massively compared to my v1 Next.js frontend

- Species and Habitat information will be generated by AI, and validated and edited by a real person over time, in order to create a solid ground for the knowledge base
    - all AI generated inforamtion will have a flag in the app that discloses that it is AI generated and that we are working on the validation and editing process to remove any non-reviewed AI text
